Add Featured Artists article (#2464)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Featured_Artists/en.md

# Featured Artists

<!-- TODO: include some history about featured artists / mappers' guild, maybe in /History_of_osu! too -->

> **Featured artists** are music artists that have worked with osu! to make a selection of their tracks available for unrestricted use in the community. Some of the featured artists have also composed tracks specifically for osu! and released them as osu! exclusives.

Reviewer: unrestricted use -> fair use?

Author: i dont think that's what fair use means (if you're talking about copyright-related stuff)

Author: yeah "fair use" implies that you're working around a copyright, but in this case osu! has license to use the music so they don't have to worry about fair use

> **Featured artists** are music artists that have worked with osu! to make a selection of their tracks available for unrestricted use in the community. Some of the featured artists have also composed tracks specifically for osu! and released them as osu! exclusives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Featured artists** are music artists that have made an agreement with osu! to make a selection of their tracks available for unrestricted use in the community. Some of the featured artists have also composed tracks specifically for osu! and released them as osu! exclusives.
```

Author: is the difference important? i think "worked with" sounds more natural
